hey Vsauce I'm Jake and get ready Jake
what's app oh not much Michael just on a
new episode okay cool well do you mind
if I appear in it absolutely not
great but wait hmm what is it about hmm
I'm really sorry I was just reading some
apple-cider I understand no need to
apologize
oh okay what's happening
Oh
man those puns were judged dreadful
verse Zombies finds you as the after
mentioned red blasting away zombies in
mega city one to get multiple weapons to
choose from plus equipment upgrades in
your quest to rid mega city of the pesky
walking dead stood up for a little bit
of zombie driver city tri gears and guts
an awesome game that puts you in the
driver's seat of a customizable and
upgradable death machine you cruise
through a huge city destroying the
undead in fantastic ways throw some buzz
saws on the side of your car and cut
those walkers into slices a beautiful
and organizational twitter app it
separates the people you follow into
categories according to the type of
content they post slices also makes it
incredibly easy to follow live events
and explore new feeds it's a really
great Twitter client just don't look
back a truly challenging 8-bit adventure
game that has your character wandering
through a minimalist world fighting off
bats spiders snakes and more but Morpho
is a fantastic camera app created by 2x
valve employees after taking a photo of
someone or something space it turns the
image into a movable and manipulatable
3d model hey Jake tell them about
project Noah project Noah is an acronym
for network organisms and habitats it's
a social app that allows you and the
world to document insects animals in the
environment in an effort to catalog all
that Nature has to offer if you prefer
to stay in and be less social get comics
a reader that has comics you can buy and
ones for free but with an added twist it
turns whatever you are reading into a
more cinematic experience by adding
transitions and different framing to
increase the engagement of the comic
let's get out of here and into
start-edge a platformer where you have
to run jump and crush your enemies in
this fun game that recreates the look
and feel of old gameboy titles
for something with a bit more color get
fluffy diving which might possibly be
the cutest game in existence in it you
play a harp seal on a mission to find
her mom you have to dive under obstacles
and gain speed to shoot out of the water
and it is so cute but let's get back to
business with this episode's App of the
Week
tech tile is an app that uses user
programmable NFC tags to create instant
actions for your phone for example you
can place a tag on your desk that would
automatically turn on Wi-Fi or it could
check you in on Foursquare links to all
the apps can be found in the description
below I'm Jake and as always thanks for
watching